README.md, before:

# The Battle of Cannae

[View the live site here](https://ydub12.github.io/project-one-final/)

In this project I set out to give a brief overview of the Battle of Cannae, part of the Second Punic War, a brief synopsis involving the beginning of the war and a look at the tactics involved as a well as a brief section looking at the aftermath. 

The site is targeted towards people, who may not be aware of one of the most significant incidents in Western European history. It gives some information and includes some of the artwork relating to the time period. 

![Am I responsive](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/YDub12/project-one-final/main/assets/images/am-i-responsive.PNG)


## Features
- __Navigation Bar__
    - Featured across the website with different sizes incorporated
    
- __Navigation Bar__
## Testing


CSS - No errors were found when passing through the [official validator Jigsaw](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator) 

HTML - All HTML also passed through the [official validator](https://validator.w3.org/)


## Deployment

## Credits
The Roman army formation image (roman-army-formation.webp)
![roman army formation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/YDub12/project-one-final/main/assets/images/roman-army-formation.webp) and
The Cannae order of battle (chart-cannae-1-i.webp)
![cannae formation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/YDub12/project-one-final/main/assets/images/chart-cannae-1-i.webp)

Were both taken from [the Roman empire site](https://roman-empire.net/) a useful online resource detailing the Roman army's creation and changes through the years with detailed breakdowns of the type of army.

The video used in the prelude section was taken from the [oversimplified youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=805SIqgDZIE)

The first of the Hero images (death-of-paullus2.webp) 
![Death of Paullus](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/YDub12/project-one-final/main/assets/images/death-of-paullus2.webp)

 was taken from [the Yale gallery](https://artgallery.yale.edu/collections/objects/44)

 Another of the Hero images ![Bust of Hannibal overlaid on Turner's crossing of the Alps](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/YDub12/project-one-final/main/assets/images/crossing-the-alps-marble-bust.webp)
 Was taken from [the Collector](https://www.thecollector.com/hannibal-barca-rome-worst-nightmare/)

 Hannibal swearing his oath ![Hannibal oath](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/YDub12/project-one-final/main/assets/images/hannibal-swearing-oath.webp)
 Is from the [Royal Collection Trust](https://www.rct.uk/collection/405417/the-oath-of-hannibal)

The Soldiers fighting at Cannae ![soldiers fighting at cannae](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/YDub12/project-one-final/main/assets/images/soldiers-fighting-at-Cannae.webp)

[That was found on a post from 2017 on my country Europe](https://mycountryeurope.com/history/hannibal-battle-cannae/)

I also used [Google Earth](https://earth.google.com/web/) to get the actual site of Cannae 

The bust of Hannibal is from a dig in Capua and was downloaded from Wikipedia 
![Hannibal bust](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/YDub12/project-one-final/main/assets/images/hannibal-barca-bust-from-capua-photo.webp)

Finally the route of Hannibal's march was taken from a Reddit post on [r/phoenicianhistoryfacts](https://www.reddit.com/r/PhoeniciaHistoryFacts/comments/12jyk8x/map_of_hannibals_march_white_line_the_dotted_line/#lightbox)

Commit message:

add readme content and additional images

README.md, after:

# The Battle of Cannae

[View the live site here](https://ydub12.github.io/project-one-final/)

In this project I set out to give a brief overview of the Battle of Cannae, part of the Second Punic War, a brief synopsis involving the beginning of the war and a look at the tactics involved as a well as a brief section looking at the aftermath. 

The site is targeted towards people, who may not be aware of one of the most significant incidents in Western European history. It gives some information and includes some of the artwork relating to the time period. 

![Am I responsive](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/YDub12/project-one-final/main/assets/images/am-i-responsive.PNG)


## Features
- __Navigation Bar__
    - Featured across the website with different sizes incorporated
    ![header](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/YDub12/project-one-final/main/assets/images/header.PNG)
    
- __Video content__
    - Included on one of the pages with autoplay disabled

- __Prelude page__
    - Built to provide information on the background of the war itself, it includes the aforementioned video content as well as an image to provide context for the route
    
- __Navigation buttons__
    - To save people needing to scroll back and forth to the top 
- __Variety of images__
    - Used sparingly, to break up long stretches of text
## Testing


CSS - No errors were found when passing through the [official validator Jigsaw](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator) 

HTML - All HTML also passed through the [official validator](https://validator.w3.org/)


## Deployment

## Credits
The Roman army formation image (roman-army-formation.webp)
![roman army formation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/YDub12/project-one-final/main/assets/images/roman-army-formation.webp) and
The Cannae order of battle (chart-cannae-1-i.webp)
![cannae formation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/YDub12/project-one-final/main/assets/images/chart-cannae-1-i.webp)

Were both taken from [the Roman empire site](https://roman-empire.net/) a useful online resource detailing the Roman army's creation and changes through the years with detailed breakdowns of the type of army.

The video used in the prelude section was taken from the [oversimplified youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=805SIqgDZIE)

The first of the Hero images (death-of-paullus2.webp) 
![Death of Paullus](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/YDub12/project-one-final/main/assets/images/death-of-paullus2.webp)

 was taken from [the Yale gallery](https://artgallery.yale.edu/collections/objects/44)

 Another of the Hero images ![Bust of Hannibal overlaid on Turner's crossing of the Alps](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/YDub12/project-one-final/main/assets/images/crossing-the-alps-marble-bust.webp)
 Was taken from [the Collector](https://www.thecollector.com/hannibal-barca-rome-worst-nightmare/)

 Hannibal swearing his oath ![Hannibal oath](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/YDub12/project-one-final/main/assets/images/hannibal-swearing-oath.webp)
 Is from the [Royal Collection Trust](https://www.rct.uk/collection/405417/the-oath-of-hannibal)

The Soldiers fighting at Cannae ![soldiers fighting at cannae](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/YDub12/project-one-final/main/assets/images/soldiers-fighting-at-Cannae.webp)

[That was found on a post from 2017 on my country Europe](https://mycountryeurope.com/history/hannibal-battle-cannae/)

I also used [Google Earth](https://earth.google.com/web/) to get the actual site of Cannae 

The bust of Hannibal is from a dig in Capua and was downloaded from Wikipedia 
![Hannibal bust](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/YDub12/project-one-final/main/assets/images/hannibal-barca-bust-from-capua-photo.webp)

Finally the route of Hannibal's march was taken from a Reddit post on [r/phoenicianhistoryfacts](https://www.reddit.com/r/PhoeniciaHistoryFacts/comments/12jyk8x/map_of_hannibals_march_white_line_the_dotted_line/#lightbox)
